if you want to make it as a singer
america is where you need to be
[Music]
i'm being paid less in the band so
they're men they've got families to feed
well i've got a family to feed
[Music]
my mother tells me i have to choose
between career and marriage
i tell her we can have both from now on
no one will tell us what we can and
can't do
miss reddy you sing you sing very nicely
but male group's all the rage right now
you've heard of the beatles right
did it ever occur to you meant to ask
women what they want to listen to
[Applause]
ellen she's tapped into something here
remember that march in new york and how
many women showed up to that bunch of
record sales marching down the street
i am a woman hear me roar
[Music]
kind of angry it's man-hating jeff you
okay with this
what are you doing you want to lose your
recording contract this is more than
just a song to me
and i would like to thank god because
she makes everything possible
[Applause]
[Music]
you